this is strictly in 60 seconds your
1-minute roundup to all the action from
the weekend the ballroom battle is
officially in full swing as our 14
couples took to the dance floor to
perform their first dance neither a wall
or a cha-cha-cha although this week all
the couples were safe from elimination
nerves still may signal you're a
champion you're falling off the bike
before get back on it kreygasm showed
the couple this competition would not be
a pirouette in the park your mouth was
moving 10 to the Dozen throughout but
there are a few sequence surprises once
you got into hold it was pretty good
we've got something very very special
that's or Lisa and Robin at the top of
the leaderboard
you can dog next week we'll see our
first elimination as the daunting
dance-off returns in the meantime keep
up with all the gossip throughout the
week right here at BBC co-taught UK
forward slash strictly